https://www.techtarget.com/searchapparchitecture/definition/object-oriented-programming-OOP

What is object-oriented programming (OOP)?

Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a computer programming model 
that organizes software design around data, or objects, rather than 
functions and logic. An object can be defined as a data field that 
has unique attributes and behavior.

attributs membres et fonctions membres
private/public = encapsulation

Namespace = rasse;ble des fonctions qui ont la meme utilite 
Aliasing de namespace = imbriquer des namespace les uns dans les autres
operateur de resolution de portee = "::"

std::cout << "Hello world" << std::endl

les constructeurs et les destructeurs d'une classe en cpp n'ont pas de type de retour, 
c'est comme un retour void non note




Vous devez implémenter deux classes :
• PhoneBook
◦ Représente le répertoire.
◦ Contient un tableau de contacts.
◦ Peut enregistrer 8 contacts maximum. Si l’utilisateur tente d’ajouter un 9ème
contact, remplacez le plus ancien par celui-ci.
◦ Notez que l’allocation dynamique est interdite.
• Contact
◦ Représente un contact dans le répertoire.

possile de convertir des int and float to str, and reverse






ADD: save a new contact
◦ If the user enters this command, they are prompted to input the information
of the new contact one field at a time. Once all the fields have been completed,
add the contact to the phonebook.
◦ The contact fields are: first name, last name, nickname, phone number, and
darkest secret. A saved contact can’t have empty fields.
• SEARCH: display a specific contact
◦ Display the saved contacts as a list of 4 columns: index, first name, last
name and nickname.
◦ Each column must be 10 characters wide. A pipe character (’|’) separates
them. The text must be right-aligned. If the text is longer than the column,
it must be truncated and the last displayable character must be replaced by a
dot (’.’).
◦ Then, prompt the user again for the index of the entry to display. If the index
is out of range or wrong, define a relevant behavior. Otherwise, display the
contact information, one field per line.
• EXIT
◦ The program quits and the contacts are lost forever!
• Any other input is ignored.

3. Ajouter la commande SEARCH plus tard

Ce sera la prochaine étape une fois le ADD terminé. Tu devras :

    Afficher un tableau de tous les contacts.

    Demander un index.

    Afficher les détails du contact sélectionné.